Add support for a custom loading component (#246)
samvera-labs/clover-iiif: pages/docs/viewer.mdx

---

### Custom Loading Component

> You may choose to override the default loading component that displays while the manifest is fetched and loaded into state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients may choose to override the default _loading_ component that displays while the IIIF resource is fetched and loaded into state.
```
